Erm... Sister.
Yes? Hayase-chan.
Regarding the Christmas present...
Do you have any suggestions?
Why? Is it for someone important?
No... that's impossible.
I see. Maybe something consumable.
Consumable?
A gift like a dessert or bath fizzers
that leave nothing behind
after you use it.
And it will be not a problem
for the receiver.
Leave nothing behind...
It will be a good choice
if the present isn't for someone special.
It's true though...
Speaking of the lasting gift,
maybe something
that can be used all the time.
Thank you so much!
You're welcome, Hayase-chan.
By the way, I'm thinking
of a gift that can last forever.
A life-size doll of myself.
Thanks a bunch!
(Don't Toy with Me, Miss Nagatoro
2nd Attack)
(What's Your Luck This Year, Senpai?)
This is astonishing.
Senpai.
Erm... This is for you...
For me?
It's Christmas.
Argh, another spooky dream.
That brat...
Wonder what face she will make.
Senpai.
Do you know what day it is?
The end-of-term ceremony.
Yes, it is.
The assembly just finished.
What else?
Christmas...
Eve!
The biggest festival of love, Christmas!
Couples declare their love to each other
and exchange presents.
This is it, Christmas Eve!
She's too delirious, isn't she?
(Thump  Thump)
I can tell she's going to torture me
with Christmas as an excuse.
"However, only loneliness
and pathetic feelings await you."
Are you going to say that to me?
Anyway,
it's true, isn't it?
Are you not alone during Christmas, huh?
I better give it to her now and go home.
This is for you.
Bye!
You're so pathetic, Senpai.
Do you really have no one
with you on that day?
(Library)
Hello, there.
Talk about perfect timing.
Girls will be spilt into two groups.
Meaning to say,
one side with boys
and one without boys.
Oh.
I'm truly sorry.
I really want to spend the night with you.
But it's Christmas Eve.
I have no choice.
Right?
They're showing off. Jeez.
Bugger off.
All right! The group without boys
is going to karaoke tonight.
The land still stands
despite the kingdom being broken!
In that case,
I'm going to miss the chance
to hand over the present.
That is...
This can't be true!
Hayacchi, you're joining us, right?
Erm... well...
But isn't that her boy
sitting right beside her?
Gosh! No!
I just like to mess up with him.
If so, you're in for the Karaoke team.
Senpai, you're joining us. Right?
What do you say?
What's your answer?
No... I'm not.
I left something in the club room.
I need to go now.
Oh, that's right.
I left my belongings somewhere too.
Let's go, Senpai.
Huh? Um...
- Run now!
- Don't push me.
What a lame excuse.
So lame.
Forget it. At least it's the best excuse
Senpai has ever had.
Senpai, have you found your thing?
Erm...
I will just grab pencils or something.
Well...
Yes? What's it?
What are you doing here, Bucho?
This is the last day
staying in the club room.
So, I would like to embrace
the air here bare-skin.
Would you graduate already,
you perverted rabbit?
What are you doing here instead?
A tryst?
No!
Let's go, Senpai!
School is now closed for the day.
Students, please leave
the premise immediately.
What should I do?
Give her to present on the way home?
No way.
It's embarrassed if someone sees us.
Is there a place where people rarely go?
It's Mr. Yamaguchi who's rigid
and strictly abides by school rules.
We'll be forced to leave if he sees us.
(Infirmary)
Infirmary!
Good call!
Oh my, I'm lured to the infirmary.
Are you going to do something lewd to me?
I won't!
Though it's kind of weird
to give her the present here,
I won't get a better chance
after we leave here.
Well...
Yes? What's it?
Stay still.
Sakura, you're kind of aggressive.
Am I?
Perhaps we should wait a little longer...
What an old hat.
Hold... on...
Go to the rooftop.
Roger that.
If we go to the rooftop,
probably no one will get in our way again.
School is now closed for the day.
Students, please leave
the premise immediately.
We're asked to leave.
Let's just stay here for a while more.
Are we going back?
You're right.
Well...
The weather grows cold, so...
Can I open it?
Yes...
Thank you, Senpai.
Does it look good on me?
Not bad...
Well, I have something for you too.
Thank you.
Surprisingly, our presents are the same.
That's gross.
Please don't copy me, Senpai.
I didn't.
Gross.
♪I just released the truth♪
♪Of me possessing the peace
at the very beginning♪
(Don't Toy with Me, Miss Nagatoro
2nd Attack)
This year is coming to an end soon.
Yes.
To end this year on a good note,
- the most suitable song would be...
- This year is ending soon.
The pop hit of the year, right?
(Incoming Call: Nagatoro)
Let's listen to...
Is it your friend?
Maybe...
Senpai, do you visit the shrine
during the new year?
No. I only went there when I was little.
I can tell you're that type.
Lazing around at home
and crouching in bed
during the new year suits you better.
What?
Because you're like a cabbageworm
who wrap yourself in the futon
and keep rolling over
until the futon pills.
And then you turn from a cabbageworm
into a caterpillar.
That's awfully gross.
I'm planning to go this time.
Speaking of the shrine around here,
it has to be Ishido Shrine, right?
Yes, it is.
Well, Happy New Year.
(December 31st)
I thought...
In that case, let's meet up
at the gate at six in the morning.
I will beat you up if you come late.
- ...she was going to say that.
- That's gross.
Gosh! Why am I expecting that?
(Sacred Lot)
(Love Relationship) (Sacred Lot)
She doesn't come here?
Was I supposed to invite her?
Gosh! No.
Oh, that's not good.
That's totally not good, Senpai.
Nagatoro?
Happy New Year.
Ah, Happy... New Year.
What's wrong with your outfit?
I wanted to try this.
So I work a part-time job here.
How do I look?
Am I cute?
Oh, she's the shrine maiden.
She's adorable.
Erm... not bad...
"Erm... not bad..."
You act totally like a cherry boy.
Oops, you don't look like one.
You're a real cherry boy. Forgive me.
Please don't say that
when you dress like a shrine maiden.
Senpai, your face turns beet red.
As expected of you, cherry boy.
You're being so gross already
on the first day of the year.
Gross.
- She got so excited on the first day.
- Gross.
- So, what do you mean by "not good"?
Senpai, the first thing you need to do
after entering the shrine
is to your wash.
Ah. Well...
After that, rinse your mouth.
Is that really okay for you to be here
during your work?
Yes, no problem.
There are not many visitors now.
Besides, showing someone
who's not good like you
about the proper way
is part of my job too.
Hmph!
After cleansing your body,
the next step will be...
(Sacred Lot)
drawing the sacred lot.
Is this part of the steps too?
No, it's not.
No? Well, I don't mind
drawing the lots though.
Thank you.
Come on.
What's your luck this year, Senpai?
Oh, by the way...
(Sacred Lot: Great Fortune)
I got the Great Fortune.
Look at this. It's the Great Fortune.
- This brat is showing off her lot.
- Great Fortune.
Come on.
Can you get a better lot than mine?
You shouldn't be comparing this though.
(Misfortune)
It's a misfortune!
It suits you quite well, Senpai.
- You got the Misfortune.
- You're too loud.
(LOVE)
Oh, crap.
The visitors are getting a lot more now.
Well, don't let me keep you...
See you.
Fine.
(Votive Offering)
(Just Waiting Won't Take You in the Desirable)
Two amulets, right?
It's 400 yen.
Thank you.
What's wrong with you?
Sigh, life is not all roses.
Life, huh?
Next customer, please.
Why are you here, Senpai?
Amu...
Amu?
Please give me one amulet.
What am I saying?
I should ask her directly.
When are you off work?
Do you want to go around here after work?
I will wait for you.
That's gross!
No way! There's no way
I can speak such tacky things.
It will be 200 yen.
Thank you.
I...
I will wait for you.
Locking eyes with you.
A stalker?
Are you a stalker?
(- Are you a stalker?
- I'm not.)
(Staring)
(Give me 20 minutes)
(Votive Offering)
Senpai!
Oh gosh.
Can you not just bolt
after leaving a word?
I'm sorry.
You're a potential stalker, huh?
I told you I'm sorry about that.
So, what's it?
Are you waiting here for me?
Um...
Do...
Do?
Do you want to go around the shrine?
With me?
Erm... yes.
Speaking of which, this shrine...
(Match-making)
is actually a match-making shrine!
Senpai, what are you going to pray for
in a match-making shrine?
No... it has nothing got to do with that.
Oh, are you sure?
Don't tell me
you're going to pray
for making me your girlfriend,
a wish like that.
What?
Please have mercy on me.
That's not true!
Are you sure?
I doubt that.
Hypothetically...
Hypothetically?
I mean, hypothetically.
Well, what's it then?
If I want you to go... out...
Go... out?
Go out with me...
You want me to go out with you?
Go out with you?
With you?
I shouldn't rely on the deity
but work my best instead.
Though I only get to muster my courage
after reading the lot...
Well, work your best then.
No! It's just a hypothetical example.
All right. Don't be persistent.
So, what wish did you make just now?
I wish my family be in peace.
Wow, that's so common.
Is there a problem with that?
What about you, Nagatoro?
Me?
I wished
that I can be
Senpai's wife. Something like this.
Huh?
What did you just say?
I lied.
Do you really believe that?
Not at all.
Judging by your reaction just now,
I think you've taken it seriously.
Not at all.
Liar.
Today's reflection!
Senpai, no one would pray for
family's health in a match-making shrine.
Well, there will be some.
Instead, you should pray for something
that's likely to work out.
What will that be?
Praying for an unexpected romance.
All I wish is to live a happy life
like last year.
Jeez, quit pretending. That's gross!